Add component prop and React Router usage to Typescript guide (#14170)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/guides/typescript/typescript.md

const theme = createMyTheme({ appDrawer: { breakpoint: 'md' }});
```

## Usage of `component` property

Material-UI allows you to replace a component's root node via a `component` prop.
For example, a `Button`'s root node can be replaced with a React Router `Link`, and all extra props that are passed to `Button`, like `to`, will be spread down to the `Link` component, so you can do this: `<Button component={Link} to="/">Go Home</Button>`

However, TypeScript will complain about this, because `to` is not part of the `ButtonProps` interface, and it has no way of inferring what props are what was passed in `component`.

The current workaround is to spread these extra props down:

> ```js

Reviewer: Yes, it should. https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/503bea0a1636e34fbbd827f94ea319a0a45f0562/packages/material-ui-docs/src/MarkdownElement/MarkdownElement.js#L86

interface LinkButtonProps extends ButtonProps {
  to: LocationDescriptor,
  replace?: boolean,
}

const renderLink = (props: any) => <Link {...props}/>

const LinkButton = (props: LinkButtonProps) => (
  <Button {...props} component={renderLink}/>
)

// usage:
<LinkButton color="primary" to="/">Go Home</LinkButton>
```

Note that `renderLink`'s props param has a type of `any`.
Material-UI components pass some basic event handler props (`onClick`, `onDoubleClick`, etc.) to their root nodes.
These handlers have a signature of `(event: MouseEvent<HTMLElement, MouseEvent>) => void`, which is incompatible with the event handler signatures that `Link` expects, which are `(event: MouseEvent<AnchorElement>) => void`.

Any element/component that you pass into `component` will have this problem if the signatures of their event handler props don't match.

> There is an open PR that will fix this by adding Typescript generics for component props.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There is an ongoing effort to fix this by making component props generic.
```

This suggests that we simply have to merge a PR. However there are still some unaddressed issues so I'd rather be vague here.

### Using React Router `Link` with `component` prop

There are some other typing issues when using React Router's `Link` with the `component` property.

TypeScript will throw an error if you try to pass `Link` in directly: `<ListItem component={Link}>`.
Instead, `Link` should be wrapped in a functional component that is declared outside of the `render` before being passed in.

> **NOTE:** There is currently an open issue that will require you to replace `ListItemLinkProps` with `any` in the signature for `createLink` below.

To replace the root element of `ListItem`:

> ```js

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```tsx
```
Same here. If `tsx` is supported we should leverage it.

> > **NOTE:** There is currently an open issue that will require you to replace `ListItemLinkProps` with `any` in the signature for `createLink` below.  There is [an open PR](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/pull/13868) to fix this issue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** There is currently an open issue that will require you to replace `ListItemLinkProps` with `any` in the signature for `createLink` below.
```

Again just in case we move to a different approach or are unable to merge this I would rather be vague about this.

import * as React from 'react'
import { ListItem } from '@material-ui/core';
import { Link } from 'react-router-dom';
import { ListItemProps } from '@material-ui/core/ListItem';
import { LocationDescriptor } from 'history';

interface ListItemLinkProps extends ListItemProps {
  to: LocationDescriptor
  replace?: boolean
}

// Note: you must replace `ListItemLinkProps` with `any` here for the moment.

> const createLink = ({ innerRef, ...props }: ListItemLinkProps) => <Link {...props}>;

Reviewer: CreateLink?

Reviewer 2: I agree since it is used as a component: `<ListItem {...props} component={createLink}>`. Needs some further adjustment in the text we apply this change.

const ListItemLink = ({ to, replace, primary }: ListItemLinkProps) => (
  <ListItem {...props} component={createLink}>
    <ListItemText primary={primary}/>
  </ListItem>
);
```

> In our `createLink` function, we need to remove `innerRef` from the props because `ListItemProps` and `LinkProps` both define an `innerRef` property which are incompatible with each other.

Reviewer 2: This is not just about some typing incompatibilities but actual runtime implications. Assuming that `innerRef` in `Link` would have the same properties as `ListItem` could lead to runtime errors. Don't assume that TypeScript is just getting in your way if it reports an error.
